Recommend replacing, not changing, protocol components (#3206)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-http.md

Extensions that could change the semantics of existing protocol components MUST
be negotiated before being used.  For example, an extension that changes the
layout of the HEADERS frame cannot be used until the peer has given a positive
signal that this is acceptable.  Coordinating when such a revised layout comes

> into effect could prove complex.  As such, allocating a new identifiers for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into effect could prove complex.  As such, allocating new identifiers for
```

> alternate versions of existing protocol elements is likely to be more effective.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
new definitions of existing protocol elements is likely to be more effective.
```
